All right welcome back my students so now that you know how to use route's a little bit right.
It's super easy just to go and create another row right.
Let's just create one here.
All right.
Let's create a couple.
So let's say for example when you go to the contact page let's just do about unless she's returned some
tests.
Of course you're not going to be returning to it you're going to be returning views later.
But you know high about Ph.
Right.
And then they'd say something for contact
or something like that.
Right.
I am contact or whatever.
It doesn't really matter and let's just go and visit those pages and see how we can do something they're
about to see that.
So we know this already.
All right.
I'm going to show you how to pass parameters through view two views and two whatever you want inside
a closure function right here.
All right.
So let's say for example you create and create another one real quick.
Copy this.
So let's just write it down because I want you to get used to writing so the route then they get mad
it like this.
And then the first parameter would a single call for Slash to indicate that we want to go from route
.
So whatever we put after this.
So let's say for example we have a post but let's say it is puls number one and we want to see it.
So we're going to put a forward slash and Dand the curly brackets and we can write whatever we want
.
I just want this to be named ID.
All right.
So that's going to be the name of our variable that's going to be a variable.
Right now is not a variable.
This is the way is it tested in this function or this method.
All right and then later on it will convert it to a variable.
I'll show you right now how he does this.
Well now he does this but where it is function then the curly brackets.
And then I mean the parentheses and then the curly brackets and then bring it down.
Here is what you catch a variable right here.
All right.
Now I can return it right here if I want to.
So returned this is
this is PPOs number whatever.
I'm just going to concatenate the ID right there at the end.
All right.
So let's see how we can do this.
We see this in the browser.
So let's go.
So we go to post the forward slash and then whatever number we want to.
As you can see says polls number two polls number one thousand if I want to.
So you can see how he passes that variable to this closure function right there.
All right.
So not only that but you can pass multiple variations of multiple parameters if I want to.
So if I could if I put another parameter here let's say this is going to be the name.
All I have to do is on the closure function put a coma here and put the name here and concatenated here
maybe with space or something and then put a variable there.
All right.
So I can go back to that put a force last year and put whatever name I want that one.
That we go.
So you can see you can pass multiple parameters
to that.
And now later on what we're going to be doing is we're going to pass this parameter to views and any
other views we're going to be using them.
All right.
Very simple to do these guys.
I mean it's not rocket science it's super easy.
All right.
So I want you to digest this information.
And that we're going to be exploring some more about routes and how we can use them with other things
in our application.
Thank you so much for watching.
I'll see you in the next lecture